my name is McGruff and I'm the crime dog
I don't just fight crime I take a bite
out of crime I also scratch fleas not
really I just threw that in to see if
you're paying attention
hi I'm McGruff I'm a protective I try to
stop things before they happen this is
where my office is
but you knew that because he can read
McGruff that's me most people don't
recognize me without my coat on her name
was mystery and her daughter Samantha
Terry was acting strange well Sammy
Samantha I don't know what's wrong she's
barely eating she's crying a lot and
last night she said she said she's
quitting the ballet quitting ballet
seemed reasonable to me
I told mystery I'd see what I could do I
started my investigation at the
playground to see if my nephew scruff
had any idea what was going on with
Samantha I explained the situation to
him oh man I think I might know what
happened I nodded to indicate I was
listening and he should continue last
week in ballet two girls were bullying
her oh did you help her out
no I was scared they pick on me too he
hadn't stood up for his community what's
my community your community is the world
around you your neighborhood your
friends and if you want it to be a nice
place then you have to step up and help
stop bullying I didn't know what to do
it's okay to be afraid but it's easier
to help than you think just be a friend
stand up go over to her and together you
can pirouette out of trouble can we just
walk away I nodded again but this time
it meant our conversation was over I
left hoping that the next time scruff
sees bullying in progress he'll show his
community a little more respect
Sammy this is McGruff the Crime Dog am I
in trouble
depends you steal my socks out of the
dryer last week no I didn't think so
may I come in Sammy I'm here to find out
what's bothering you
oh nothing really I detected 15 ballet
posters like I said detecting as part of
my job boy you must really love ballet I
have to quit I'm too fat to wear a
leotard all the girls say so all the
girls Mindy and Bernita they say so
bullying I thought there were my friends
but they said having to look at all my
fat was making them sick that's not very
friendly and it's not true what you got
to do is stop talk and walk stop talk
and walk that's right it's about
self-respect Sammy you've got to let the
bullies know you're not gonna let them
bother you respect yourself first stop
listening to the bullies how keep it
simple
ignore them shrug your shoulders look
them in the eye then talk but what do I
say you can say anything make a joke say
you don't believe what they're saying
tell them you got someplace to be
whatever then I just walk away
stop talk and walk that's how you show
yourself some respect and put a stop to
bullying well I'll try attagirl
Oh get it she's speaking well because
you're fat
stop what roasted carrots hi Sammy want
to stretch somewhere else
Thanks I was just about to walk let's go
and so Samantha and scruff made the
right choice I hope you'll take the
lessons you learn today and who are you
talking to are you for real
lessons are lame are you never gonna
make friends with that attitude we're
friends
oh nice coordination I hate you I hate
you too you see that's the point you
won't have real friends if you only see
the bad things about people what do you
mean I see all sorts of things about
people you're computer nerd and you
mister are so 1980 these kids are so
observant the whole truth is that people
are different in some goofy ways and in
some great ways my calm Mindy has a big
nose but is a fast runner
I'm aerodynamic that's the right idea it
might take some practice to see the good
stuff about people but you can do it
well until next time I'm McGruff the
Crime Dog and I'll always be here to
help you take a bite out of crime